Update add-your-organization-brand-to-encrypted-messages.md (#4942)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/add-your-organization-brand-to-encrypted-messages.md

## Create an Exchange mail flow rule that applies your custom branding to encrypted emails

> [!IMPORTANT] If there is any 3rd party component that scans and modifies mail, it can prevent OME branding being applied correctly and shown to your recipients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!IMPORTANT]
> If there are any third-party components that scan and modify mail, it can prevent OME branding from being applied correctly and shown to your recipients.
```

## Create an Exchange mail flow rule that applies your custom branding to encrypted emails

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > If there are any third-party components that scan and modify mail, it can prevent OME branding from being applied correctly and shown to your recipients.

Reviewer 2: Third-party applications that scan and modify mail can prevent OME branding from being applied correctly.
